Doc/#1069 restructure page doc (#1073)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/userman/gui/pages/index.md

          involves control of the code flow (using tests or loops), which is more difficult to
          achieve using text templates.

    === "Markdown"
        ```python
        from taipy import Gui

        page = "# First page"

        Gui(page).run()
        ```
    === "Python"
        ```python
        from taipy import Gui
        import taipy.gui.builder as tgb

        with tgb.Page() as page:
            tgb.text("# First Page", mode="md")

        Gui(page).run()
        ```

> ## Building page content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Defining the page content
```

> Building a page can consist of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The definition of a page typically consists of:
```

- Adding visual elements to the page.
- Binding variables to these elements.
- Setting properties to these elements.

> - Callbacks can be added to these elements to make your application interactive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Setting callbacks to these elements.
```

!!! example "Getting Started example"
    === "Markdown"
        ```python linenums="1"
        from taipy.gui import Gui
        from math import cos, exp

        value = 10

        page = """
        # Taipy *Getting Started*

        Value: <|{value}|text|>

>         <|{value}|slider|on_change=on_slider|>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <|{value}|slider|on_change=slider_moved|>
```

        <|{data}|chart|>
        """

>         def on_slider(state):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        def slider_moved(state):
```

            state.data = compute_data(state.value)

        def compute_data(decay:int)->list:
            return [cos(i/6) * exp(-i*decay/600) for i in range(100)]

        if __name__ == "__main__":
            data = compute_data(value)

            Gui(page).run(title="Dynamic chart")
        ```

    === "Python"
        ```python linenums="1"
        from taipy.gui import Gui
        import taipy.gui.builder as tgb
        from math import cos, exp

        value = 10

        def compute_data(decay:int)->list:
            return [cos(i/6) * exp(-i*decay/600) for i in range(100)]

>         def on_slider(state):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        def slider_moved(state):
```

            state.data = compute_data(state.value)

        with tgb.Page() as page:
            tgb.text(value="# Taipy Getting Started", mode="md")
            tgb.text(value="Value: {value}")

>             tgb.slider(value="{value}", on_change=on_slider)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            tgb.slider(value="{value}", on_change=slider_moved)
```

            tgb.chart(data="{data}")

        if __name__ == "__main__":
            data = compute_data(value)

            Gui(page=page).run(title="Dynamic chart")
        ```

## Registering a single page

Once you have created an instance of a page renderer for a specific piece of text or Python code,
you can register that page to the `Gui^` instance used by your application.

The `Gui^` constructor can accept the raw content of a page as Markdown text, a Page object and 
create a new page for you. That would be the easier way to create applications that have a 
single page. Here is how you can create and register a page, defined as Markdown content, in a 
Taipy application:

=== "page variable"
    ```python
    from taipy import Gui

    page = "# First page"

>     Gui(page=page).run()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Gui(page).run()
```

    ```
=== "add_page function"
    ```python
    from taipy import Gui
    import taipy.gui.builder as tgb

    with tgb.Page() as page:
        tgb.text("# First Page", mode="md")

>     Gui()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Gui(page)
```

>     gui.add_page(page)

Reviewer: Remove this line and the next

Author: I am not sure to understand this. I am showing the two ways to add pages. I fixed the code btw

Reviewer: I see no point (at all) to split `Gui(page).run()` into three lines.
And homogeneity is important.

    gui.run()
    ```

If you run this Python script and connect a browser to the web server address

> (usually *localhost:5000*), you can see your title displayed in a blank page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(usually *localhost:5000*), you can see your title displayed on am empty page.
```
